README.md, before:

# Libs Team

A home for the Rust library team. The library team develops the user-facing side
of Rust's standard library, maintains crates in the Rust organization, and
supports the wider ecosystem of library builders.

## Quick facts

- **Where to find us:** You can reach out to us on [Zulip](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com).
- **Calendar:** You can find Libs meetings on our [Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=9kuu8evq4eh6uacm262k0phri8%40group.calendar.google.com). You can also subscribe to the [ICS](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/9kuu8evq4eh6uacm262k0phri8%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics) to keep up to date.

## A broad picture

See [this project board](https://github.com/rust-lang/libs-team/projects/2) for a big picture of everything that's tracked by the library team.

## Project groups

The library team uses project groups to help coordinate effort.
This repository keeps a [list of active project groups](https://github.com/rust-lang/libs-team/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aproject-group) that you can explore.
Reach out to any groups that might interest you!

## Code of Conduct and licensing

All interactions on this repository (whether on issues, PRs, or
elsewhere) are governed by the [Rust Code of
Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Further, all content on this repository is subject to the standard
[Rust](LICENSE-MIT) [licensing](LICENSE-APACHE).

Commit message:

link to (currently empty) std dev guide

README.md, after:

# Libs Team

A home for the Rust library team. The library team develops the user-facing side
of Rust's standard library, maintains crates in the Rust organization, and
supports the wider ecosystem of library builders.

## Quick facts

- **Where to find us:** You can reach out to us on [Zulip](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com).
- **Calendar:** You can find Libs meetings on our [Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=9kuu8evq4eh6uacm262k0phri8%40group.calendar.google.com). You can also subscribe to the [ICS](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/9kuu8evq4eh6uacm262k0phri8%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics) to keep up to date.

## Docs for contributors and reviewers

See [The Standard Library Dev Guide](https://github.com/rust-lang/std-dev-guide) for documentation on how to work on the standard library itself.

## A broad picture

See [this project board](https://github.com/rust-lang/libs-team/projects/2) for a big picture of everything that's tracked by the library team.

## Project groups

The library team uses project groups to help coordinate effort.
This repository keeps a [list of active project groups](https://github.com/rust-lang/libs-team/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aproject-group) that you can explore.
Reach out to any groups that might interest you!

## Code of Conduct and licensing

All interactions on this repository (whether on issues, PRs, or
elsewhere) are governed by the [Rust Code of
Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Further, all content on this repository is subject to the standard
[Rust](LICENSE-MIT) [licensing](LICENSE-APACHE).
